hello everyone today I'm here to do this
makeup tutorial and it's going to be a
Thanksgiving lid so hopefully you girls
might get just keep on watching
so taking this yellow streamer color I'm
gonna fly that in my list
so now I'm gonna take this bronzy color
and I'm just gonna play that in my
crease with my camera blending brush so
now I'm going to take this dark brown
the hash around me and I'll just a
little predator in my crease then I'm
just going to take a clean tapper
blending brush and just end it out
for highlight I'm usually move my eye
shadow okay so right here i am using a
mix eyeliner pencil and cocoa it's a
brownish color and I'm just apply that
in my waterline so now it's time to do
or eyeliner i am using L'Oreal hip gel
liner so now it's time to try your
eyelashes and apply from and I'm using
our Dale eyelashes and visit with me and
I'm doing apply them close to my lash
line
haha
so I'm going to be using Mac's we find
gold there to contour
for my lips I'm using this wannabe Mac
lip liner and i'm also going to use
revlon's rosy nude lipstick and i'm just
going to find out over my net and you're
finished thank you so much for watching
see you next time
you